README.md, before:


# TomBay

## Overview

This project is a .NET Core 8 WebAPI application designed to provide RESTful services for the TomBay example application. The API supports basic CRUD operations and includes SwaggerUI for easy testing and documentation.

## Project Structure

The project follows part of a typical .NET Core WebAPI structure with controllers, services, models, and a mock data store. Below is an overview of the key directories and files:

```
- TomBayAPI
  - Controllers
  - Models
  - Services
  - Data
  - Program.cs
  - Startup.cs
- TomBayTests
```

### Controllers

Controllers handle HTTP requests and return HTTP responses. They act as intermediaries between the client and the business logic.

### Models

Models represent the data structure of your application.

### Services

Services contain the business logic of your application and interact with the data access layer.

### Data

Data layer is responsible for database access and contains the database context.

### Program.cs

Entry point of the application that configures services, middleware, and the HTTP request pipeline.

### Tests

Unit tests for the application, ensuring the correctness of the code.
.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [.NET 6 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/6.0)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) or [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo-name.git
   cd your-repo-name
   ```

2. Restore the .NET packages:

   ```bash
   dotnet restore
   ```

### Running the Application

1. Run the application:

   ```bash
   dotnet run --project TomBayAPI
   ```

2. Open your browser and navigate to `https://localhost:5001/swagger` to access Swagger UI and interact with the API.

### Running the Tests

1. Run the tests:

   ```bash
   dotnet test
   ```

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`).
5. Create a new Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add simple explanation for the app

README.md, after:


# TomBay

## Overview

This project is a .NET Core 8 WebAPI application designed to provide RESTful services for the TomBay example application.

The idea is that it's a simple catalogue of some of the things in my old apartment that I'm trying to sell or give away. 

The API supports basic CRUD operations and includes SwaggerUI for easy testing and documentation.

## Project Structure

The project follows part of a typical .NET Core WebAPI structure with controllers, services, models, and a mock data store. Below is an overview of the key directories and files:

```
- TomBayAPI
  - Controllers
  - Models
  - Services
  - Data
  - Program.cs
  - Startup.cs
- TomBayTests
```

### Controllers

Controllers handle HTTP requests and return HTTP responses. They act as intermediaries between the client and the business logic.

### Models

Models represent the data structure of your application.

### Services

Services contain the business logic of your application and interact with the data access layer.

### Data

Data layer is responsible for database access and contains the database context.

### Program.cs

Entry point of the application that configures services, middleware, and the HTTP request pipeline.

### Tests

Unit tests for the application, ensuring the correctness of the code.
.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [.NET 6 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/6.0)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) or [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo-name.git
   cd your-repo-name
   ```

2. Restore the .NET packages:

   ```bash
   dotnet restore
   ```

### Running the Application

1. Run the application:

   ```bash
   dotnet run --project TomBayAPI
   ```

2. Open your browser and navigate to `https://localhost:5001/swagger` to access Swagger UI and interact with the API.

### Running the Tests

1. Run the tests:

   ```bash
   dotnet test
   ```

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`).
5. Create a new Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
